c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\MvcProjem.dll
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\MvcProjem.pdb
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\obj\Debug\MvcProjem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\obj\Debug\MvcProjem.dll
c:\users\satellite\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\obj\Debug\MvcProjem.pdb
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MvcProjem\MvcProjem\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\MvcProjem.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\MvcProjem.pdb
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\obj\Debug\MvcProjem.dll
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\obj\Debug\MvcProjem.pdb
C:\Users\Satellite\Documents\GitHub\Projem\MvcProjem\obj\Debug\MvcProjem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
